chore: set PG log_min_messages to fatal in docker-compose.yml (#9715)
supabase/supabase: apps/reference/docs/guides/hosting/docker.mdx

Once you have done this, you can safely comment out the `db` section of the `docker-compose` file, and remove any instances where the services `depends_on` the `db` image.

### Setting database's `log_min_messages`

> `docker-compose` sets the database's `log_min_messages` configuration to `fatal` because it prevents a lot of redundant logs generated by Realtime.
> However, you might miss important log messages, such as database errors, by default. Please remember to configure `log_min_messages` based on your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `docker-compose` sets the database's `log_min_messages` configuration to `fatal` to prevent redundant logs generated by Realtime.
However, you might miss important log messages such as database errors. Configure `log_min_messages` based on your needs.
```
